What is the capital city of Canada?
What is the name of the world's largest ocean?
Which African country is home to the world's largest waterfall by volume?
What is the name of the largest desert in North America?
Which European country is home to the highest mountain peak in the Alps?
What is the capital city of South Korea?
What is the name of the longest river in South America?
Which country is the smallest by land area in the world?
What is the name of the famous mountain range that runs through Spain and France?
Which country is home to the Great Barrier Reef?
Who was the first president of the United States?
What year did World War II end?
Which ancient civilization built the Great Pyramids of Giza?
Who was the leader of the Soviet Union during the Cuban Missile Crisis?
In what year did the Titanic sink?
Who was the first female prime minister of the United Kingdom?
What was the name of the first satellite launched into space?
Which country was Christopher Columbus from?
Who wrote the Declaration of Independence?
What was the name of the French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution?
What is the name of the lead character in the Harry Potter series?
Who played the iconic character of James Bond in the 1960s and 1970s?
What is the name of the iconic album released by Michael Jackson in 1982?
What was the name of the fictional town in the TV show "Twin Peaks"?
Who is the highest-selling solo artist of all time?
Who is the creator of the animated TV show "The Simpsons"?
What is the name of the iconic dance from the 1990s that originated in Atlanta, Georgia?
Who played the lead role of Don Corleone in the classic film "The Godfather"?
What was the name of the popular teen drama TV show that aired from 2003 to 2012, starring Blake Lively and Leighton Meester?
Who played the iconic character of Darth Vader in the original Star Wars trilogy?
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
What is the largest bone in the human body?
What type of animal is a pronghorn?
What is the world's largest mammal?
What is the process by which plants use sunlight to make food called?
What is the study of rocks called?
What does DNA stand for?
What is the name of the particle that carries a negative electric charge?
What is the most common element in the Earth's atmosphere?
What is the only metal that is a liquid at room temperature?
In what year did Michael Jordan win his first NBA championship with the Chicago Bulls?
Who holds the record for the most home runs in a single MLB season?
Who won the first ever Super Bowl in 1967?
What is the national sport of Japan?
Who holds the record for the fastest 100m sprint time in history?
Which country hosted the 2016 Summer Olympics?
What is the name of the famous stadium in Rome that hosted the 1960 Summer Olympics?
Who is the only athlete to win Olympic gold medals in both the decathlon and the long jump?
What is the name of the first African American to play in Major League Baseball?
What sport is played at the Wimbledon Championships?
Who wrote the book "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What is the name of the island that Robinson Crusoe is stranded on?
Who wrote the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy?
In what year was "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald first published?
What is the name of the character in "Don Quixote" who is a simple farmer and becomes Don Quixote's squire?
Who wrote the book "The Catcher in the Rye"?
Who is the protagonist in George Orwell's "1984"?
What is the name of the magical school in the Harry Potter series?
What is the name of the narrator in "The Tell-Tale Heart" by Edgar Allan Poe?
Who wrote the book "Pride and Prejudice"?
Who wrote the famous novel "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
In what year did The Beatles release their first album?
Which artist painted the famous portrait of Mona Lisa?
Who directed the movie "Jaws"?
What is the highest grossing film of all time?
Who wrote the famous play "Hamlet"?
What was the first feature-length animated movie ever released?
Who played the character of Neo in the movie "The Matrix"?
Who is the lead singer of the band U2?
What famous artist painted the "Starry Night" painting?
What does the acronym "WWW" stand for?
Who invented the World Wide Web?
What does the acronym "PDF" stand for?
Who is known as the father of the modern computer?
What is the name of the popular voice-activated personal assistant developed by Amazon?
What does the acronym "ISP" stand for?
What does the acronym "HTML" stand for?
Who founded the social media platform Facebook?
What does the acronym "GPS" stand for?
What is the name of the popular mobile operating system developed by Google?
Who was the first person to step on the moon?
What is the smallest country in the world?
What is the most populous country in the world?
Who painted the famous artwork "The Scream"?
What is the capital city of Australia?
Who wrote the famous play "Romeo and Juliet"?
What is the largest organ in the human body?
Who discovered penicillin?
Who was the first female Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
What is the chemical symbol for gold?
What type of pastry is used to make a croissant?
In what country was the Caesar salad invented?
What is the main ingredient in guacamole?
What type of liquor is used to make a Margarita?
What is the national dish of Spain?
Which fruit is used to make a daiquiri?
What is the name of the Italian cheese traditionally used in lasagna?
Which vegetable is the main ingredient in a ratatouille?
What type of alcohol is traditionally used to make a Bloody Mary?
What is the name of the Japanese dish that consists of raw fish served on top of sushi rice?